# Weekly Reflection
This reflection is an open format, so it can be whatever you like. Take this opportunity to write a bit on some of the things you have learned this week, or some of the things that you are still struggling with, identify some challenges you had at the beginning of the week that you were able to overcome, or just generally how you are feeling at this point in the course.

## Prompts
I think that just learning vue overall wasn't bad, but when we get the more complex things like profiles and props, I seem to be getting very confused on how they are used and when I need to use them. Specifically the profile is a big issue for me. Whenever we use profiles in a class project, I feel lost just trying to keep up. I understand it for the most part, but its just difficult. I was suprised the first day of learning vue that I could already understand it for the most part. Doing the interactive learning with the webpage was a lot of fun. As I mentioned earlier, I am having a lot of trouble with understanding the account and profile side of the client side. I'm confused on how we get access to the user information, how it can differientiate between the different accounts with just a link, I'm confused on how to get the different profiles and their properties to show up on the page as well. The advanced topics of JavaScript seem to be a lot harder for me to understand. They also take the longest to grasp. While I'm sure I am going to fail the Vue checkpoint, I am glad that I was able to fix some of the issues that I had while starting it on friday. My components weren't working the ways I wanted them to, the ads weren't showing up on the screen, the drawing of the posts weren't all together in the same column for some reason either. I was very frustrated with how things were turning out. For the future I need to talk to the TA's more about the new and confusing topics that seemed to go over my head. This week was the second most difficult in the cohort, but I'm still glad im in the class and still learning. 